gitce - git continuous execution
=============================================================================

A simple shell-based, POSIX compliant continuous integration tool.


-- Content
    * Basic Usage
    * Trigger
    * Plugins
    * Web Interface
    * Monitor
    * License



Basic Usage
=============================================================================

The core pattern this tool follows forces the codebase to have a single
executable which can decide if the current state of the code is ok or not.

This pattern is great for having a clean infrastructure and to use it with
"git bisect run" to find regressions fastly. The default executable gitce
searches is "test.sh". The return code decides if the test was successful
or not. 0 (zero) means success, everything else failure.

To use the gitce commands, you need to provide a configuration file with at
least the "REPOSITORY" entry which points to the source repository to check.

  Example:
      REPOSITORY=https://github.com/sarnowski/gitce


The tools will look at the following locations for the configuration file:

  As root:
      /etc/gitce/<CONFIGFILE>
  As user:
      $HOME/.gitce/<CONFIGFILE>

or you can specify the file directly. You can find an example configuration
with further explanation in the "examples" folder:
  share/examples/example-project



Trigger
=============================================================================

gitce supports three kinds of triggers. The default and most prominent
trigger is the "source changed" trigger. Using the gitce watcher will trigger
a build upon every code change. It will poll the git repository for changes.

If you need a cron based trigger or only a manual trigger, you should disable
the automatic watching of the configuration by creating a ".nowatch" file.
  /etc/gitce/example-config
  /etc/gitce/example-config.nowatch

To manually trigger a configuration, run "gitce run example-config" on your
shell. Using the same command you can configure a cronly trigger:
  0 */2 * * * /usr/local/bin/gitce run example-config



Plugins
=============================================================================

To support build server specific environments it is possible to define hooks
which can setup and teardown the build environment or send notifications.
For more informations look at share/examples/hooks/README.

There are some prebuild hooks containing features like
  * Mail notifications
  * VNC server management



Web Interface
=============================================================================

gitce provides a simple web interface to track the current state of the build
server. To use it, you need a CGI capable web server. The following Apache2
configuration:

<VirtualHost *:80>
	ServerName tobi.cosmo

	DocumentRoot /usr/local/share/gitce
	<Directory />
		Options FollowSymLinks
		AllowOverride None
	</Directory>
	<Directory /usr/local/share/gitce/>
		Options Indexes FollowSymLinks MultiViews
		AllowOverride None
		Order allow,deny
		allow from all
	</Directory>

	ScriptAlias /cgi-bin/ /usr/local/share/gitce/cgi-bin/
	<Directory "/usr/local/share/gitce/cgi-bin">
		AllowOverride None
		Options +ExecCGI -MultiViews +SymLinksIfOwnerMatch
		Order allow,deny
		Allow from all
	</Directory>
</VirtualHost>

WARNING: The web interface is highly exploitable and is not secure in any way
at the moment. The web interface will not provide any user management by
itself. Be sure to block any malicous sources. Only run it in your trusted
internal network or secure it by granting only access to trusted users.



Monitor
=============================================================================

To have a nice monitor setup in your room, have a look at the "monitor"
directory in the "examples" directory.

Basically, you can access a monitor-optimized page for a configuration via
web browser. A HTML5 capable browser is required (used with Google Chrome).

  http://example.com/gitce/monitor.html?example-configuration



License
=============================================================================

See the LICENSE file.
